
Career Opportunites

Share

    Print

We are looking for highly motivated, talented, and enthusiastic scientists of all levels with an interest in addressing fundamental questions in cancer biology.

Currently, we are specifically looking to fill the following positions:
Postdoctoral Fellow

A postdoctoral position is available to study the biological basis of intratumoral heterogeneity using genetically engineered mouse models, organotypic cell culture systems and patient-derived xenografts. Sloan Kettering Institute offers subsidized housing and a competitive salary for postdocs.
Postdoctoral Fellow with experience in computational biology

We are seeking a Postdoctoral Fellow with an interest in single-cell transcriptomics and CRISPR-based genomic memory as tools to study mechanisms of cellular heterogeneity in cancer. The successful applicant will be co-mentored by Dr. Dana Pe’er, Chair of the Computational and Systems Biology Program at the Sloan Kettering Institute.
Graduate Students

Our lab warmly welcomes interested graduate students from eligible programs (the Gerstner Sloan Kettering Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, the Weill Cornell Graduate School and related Tri-Institutional graduate programs) to join for rotations.
Clinical Fellow

Clinical fellows are welcome to join our group. Preference is given to Memorial Hospital Fellows and Fellows with prior research experience.
Email
tammelat@mskcc.org




Open Positions
Postdoctoral fellows 

We are seeking postdoctoral fellows to join the Vidigal lab, starting Summer 2019. We are using a combination of mouse genetics, novel genome editing tools, biochemical techniques, and high-throughput approaches to dissect the function of small RNA pathways in mammals both during development and disease. Previous experience with mouse models is advantageous but not essential. Researchers with computational background or expertise are also highly encouraged to apply.

To apply please send the following materials to vidigal.lab@gmail.com :

    your CV
    a 2 paragraph cover letter explaining your scientific trajectory and why you would like to join our lab
    name and contact of referees

NIH is dedicated to building a diverse community in its training and employment programs. This position is subject to a background investigation. 
Graduate students

The Vidigal lab welcomes graduate students that are eligible to conduct their thesis work at NIH. Students interested in studying RNA pathways in mammals can join our lab in one of two ways:

    through institutional partnerships: NIH has established a formal partnerships with national and international universities that allows students to perform the research component of their thesis at NIH. You can find a list of these universities here.
    individual partnerships: for students that are already enrolled in a graduate program and wish to perform all or part of their dissertation research at NIH. You can learn more about individual partnerships here.

If you are interested in joining our lab as a graduate student please send an email to vidigal.lab@gmail.com explaining your scientific interests and how these fit with the research we carry out in the lab.
Postbacs

The Vidigal lab welcomes eligible college graduates that wish to enhance their training by performing research at the NIH through the NIH Postbac program. Postbacs in the Vidigal lab will lead projects centered on the functions of noncoding RNA genes or RNA Binding Proteins and use a number of techniques including: molecular cloning, gene expression profiling, cell culture, and genome engineering.

If you are interested in joining our lab as a postbac please send an email to vidigal.lab@gmail.com.
